## 英语 ##
bureau authority


ECB described how to tackle low inflation
ECB may approach an asset purchase if necessary.
asset purchases is different. it is not about quantity but about price.
ECB has turned on its moneyprinting,early.


Outkast perform the oldshool hip hop on the arts festival stage.
Coachella is often an important stop for an artist on the rise and help the singer into
the U.S. mainstream industry.
The performing live is an energy. it is about getting back in the headspace of when
you wrote the song, and performing it like that, and putting everything you have got into it.


A pilot noticed a balloon which seemed to be making for a royal air force station 
nearby. He informed the station at once, but no one there was able to explan the
mystery. the officer in the control towner was very angry when he heard the news, 
because balloons can be a great danger to aircraft.He said that someone might be 
spying on the station and the pilot was orded to keep track of the stange object.
The pilot manage to circle the balloon for some times. He could make out three men 
in a basket under it and one of them is helding a pair of binoculars.When the balloon
was over the station, the pilot saw one of the men taking photographs.Soon afterward, 
the balloon began to descend and it landed near an airfield.the police were called for,
but they could not arrest anyone, for the basket contained two members of Parliament and
the commanding officer in the station!As the commanding officer explaned later, one half 
of the station did not know what the other half was doing!




## 减脂 ##
* 早餐：1碗鸡蛋汤 1个鸡蛋 1笼包子
* 中餐：1份五谷鱼粉，0.5个馅饼
* 午茶：无
* 晚餐：1碗粥 0.5盘虾 0.5盘圆生菜
* 无氧：无
* 有氧：无
* 体重：81.0KG

