
## 任务 ##
* [19/23] Recite 'New Concept Englisth Book Three Lesson 34'
Apart from a interesting-looking carved dagger, the box is full of crokery, much of it broken.
Frank gently lifted the crockery out of the box, and suddenly noticed a miniature painting at the bottom of the packing case.
As its composition and line remind him of an italian painting he knew well, he decided to buy it.
Glancing at it briefly, the dealer told him that it was worth fifity pound.

* [131/622] Read 'iOS 9 Programming Fundamentals with Swift'
? is the syntax sugar of Optional<>
! is the syntax sugar of ImplicitlyUnwrappedOptional<> !

Optional.None is nil

Optional chains

The  ! and  ? postfix operators, which respectively unconditionally and conditionally unwrap an Optional, have
basically nothing to do with the  ! and  ? used with type names as syntactic sugar for expressing Optional types (such
as  String? to mean an Optional wrapping a String, and  String! to mean an implicitly unwrapped Optional wrapping
a String). 

Every statement in Swift that doesn’t otherwise return a value returns  Void
In a comparison with something other than  nil , an Optional gets special treatment: the wrapped value, not the Optional itself, is compared. 

Optionals is to permit a value to be marked as empty or erroneous.
Optionals is to defer initialization of an instance property
Optionals is to provide interchange of object values with Objective-C.


* [200/600] Recite 'Unit Twenty third English vocabulary for Postgraduate Enterance'
