
## 任务 ##
* [14/21] Recite 'New Concept Englisth Book Three Lesson 24
We have all experienced days when everything goes wrong.
A day may begin well enough, but suddenly everything seem to get out of control.
What invariablely happens is that a great number of things seem to choose go wrong at precisely the same moment.
It is as if a single unimportant event set up a chain of reactions.
Let you suppose you are prepairing a meal and keep an eyes on the baby at the same time.
The telephone rings and it marks the prelude to an unforeseen serises of catastrophes.
While you are on the phone, the baby pulls the tablecloth off the table, smashing half your best crokery and cutting himself in the process.
You hung up the phone hurriedly and attend to baby,crockery, etc.
Meanwhile the meal gets burnt.
As if this were not enough to reduce you to tears, your hunsband arrives, unexpectedly bringing three guests to dinner.
Thing can go wrong on a big scale, as a number of people recently discoverd in Parramata,a suburb of Sydney.
During the rush hour one evening, two cars collided and both drivers began to argue.
The woman immediately behind the two cars happened to be a learner.
She suddenly got into a panic and stopped her car.
This made the driver following her brake hard.
His wife was sitting beside him holding a large cake.
As she was thrown forward, the cake went through right screenwind and landed on the road.
Seeing a cake flying through the air, a lorry-driver who was drawing up alongside the car, pulled all of a sudden.
The lorry was loaded with empty beer bottles and hundreds of them slid off the back of the vehicle and on to the road.
* [60/622] Read 'iOS 9 Programming Fundamentals with Swift'
 函数签名 function signature
 函数重载：函数签名不同的同名函数可以并存
two functions with exactly the same name (including their external parameter names) can coexist as long as they have different signatures.
 函数无返回值表示返回一个空元组 A function that returns no value technically does in fact a value of this type, which may be express as the literal ().
 函数参数 function parameter：
 函数扩展名external function name，缺省参数default parameter，忽略参数 ignored parameter in function，参数作为变量和可输出参数 motifiable(var/inout)，传入参数顺序out of order when calling the function，变长参数variadic 。
class ParameterType {

}
class ArgumentType {
    
}

let p:ParameterType = ParameterType()
let a:ArgumentType = ArgumentType()

func functionOmitExternalFunctionName(parameter:ParameterType, _ agrument:ArgumentType) -> Void {
    print(__FUNCTION__)
    return;
}
functionOmitExternalFunctionName(p, a)

func functionWithFullName(parameter:ParameterType, withExternalName:ArgumentType) -> Void {
    print(__FUNCTION__)
    return;
}
functionWithFullName(p, withExternalName: a)

func functionWithDefaultParameter(defaultParameter:Int = 0) {
    print("\(defaultParameter)")

}
functionWithDefaultParameter()
functionWithDefaultParameter(10)

func functionWithIgnoredParameter(p:ParameterType, _:Int, a:ArgumentType) {
    
}
functionWithIgnoredParameter(p, 0, a: a)

func functionWithParameterAsVariable(var p:Int) {
    p = 0
}
functionWithParameterAsVariable(1)

func functionWithInout(inout p : Int) {
    p = 454
}
var parameterWithInout:Int = 1
functionWithInout(&parameterWithInout)
print(parameterWithInout)

func functionWithUnorder(p p:Int=0, a:Int = 1) {
    print("\(__FUNCTION__) - p:\(p) a:\(a)")
}
functionWithUnorder()
functionWithUnorder(p:20)
functionWithUnorder(a:10, p:20)

func functionWithVariadic(strings:String...) {
    print(__FUNCTION__)
    for s in strings {
        print(s)
    }
}
functionWithVariadic("1", "2", "3")

print("a", 10, "c")

* [200/200] Recite 'Unit Sixteen English vocabulary for Postgraduate Enterance'

## 减脂 ##
* 早餐：米粥 鸡蛋 西红柿鸡蛋
* 中餐：
* 午茶：
* 晚餐：
* 体重：

## 荣誉 ##
0

## 准则 ##
